{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red45\green68\blue134;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;\red24\green55\blue106;\red0\green0\blue255;\red35\green157\blue43;
\red23\green40\blue76;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c23137\c34902\c59608;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c12157\c28627\c49020;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c66275\c22353;
\cssrgb\c11373\c21569\c37255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 From: "Wendy Alesbrook (LMH Catering Services Manager)" <catering.manager@lmh.ox.ac.uk>\
Subject: School Dinners \
Date: 27 March 2019 at 11:04:56 CET\
To: "'scr@lmh.ox.ac.uk'" <scr@lmh.ox.ac.uk>\
Reply-To: "Wendy Alesbrook (LMH Catering Services Manager)" <catering.manager@lmh.ox.ac.uk>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Dear all,\
\
You may or not already booked your Schools Dinner or be involved in arranging dinners for your tutees at the end of their final examinations this term.\'a0 This is just a quick to note to offer some guidance on the process for those that are.\
\
I will be emailing individually with those subjects that have booked there dinners on guest nights or on the same night so you can decide a menu that is the same for both dinners together \
\'a0\
First work out the size of the event:\'a0 please have an idea of how many students and tutors you intend to invite and/or expect to be there. \
\'a0\
If you have not done so already please find a date:\'a0 contact me the Catering Services Manager, Wendy Ryan, in the first instance.\'a0 I am best placed to advise on dates and locations as I will know what other catering obligations there are on a particular date and has access to room booking information.\'a0 I will be able to check and confirm a date, time and location for your meal and pre dinner drinks and possibly post dinner coffee and/or digestifs.\
\
Please be aware that we usually cater for a dozen or more of these dinners.\'a0 In order to provide for all of these events as well as other College events, regular high table meals and so on it is not always possible to manage your first choice of date.\'a0 It is worth thinking about a second choice date, just in case, especially if you would like your dinner in 7th or 8th week.\'a0 Lunches are usually possible as an alternative to dinner.\
\
Decide what to offer:\'a0 a selection of suggested dishes are attached with an estimate of the cost of these dishes (some variations on ingredient prices or event size may cause differences in price).\'a0 You are more than welcome to discuss other ideas or alternatives with the Chef \
\'a0\
The chef will make vegetarian dishes that can suit your menu if you prefer \
\'a0\
I will be able to advise on the best way to match wines to your menus or you may be able to make suggestions yourself.\
\
Work out how to fund it:\'a0 there is an allowance of \'a335 per LMH student for this purpose.\'a0 LMH tutors entitled to common table will be able to put the cost of their own meals against that.\'a0 Any balance still outstanding may be put against remaining entertainment allowance(s).\'a0 \
\'a0\
Please be in a position to let me know which LMH tutors allowances will be used in which proportions when you book the event.\
\
Finally, enjoy your event\'85\
\
Many thanks\
Wendy\
\'a0\
\'a0\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat5 \trwWidth9400\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2066\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clpadl0 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6913\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl200 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl440\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs36 \cf3  
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf7 \strokec7 Wendy Ryan
\i0\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \strokec7 Catering Service Manager\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa0\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf7 \strokec7 Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf7 \strokec7 Norham Gardens, Oxford, OX2 6QA
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf7 \strokec7 Tel: +44 (0)1865 274328
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\f4\fs24 \cf7 \strokec7 Fax: +44 (0)1865 274294
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa0\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:catering.manager@lmh.ox.ac.uk"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 catering.manager@lmh.ox.ac.uk}}
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf7 \strokec7 \'a0|\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lmh.ox.ac.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 http://www.lmh.ox.ac.uk/}}
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl220\sa0\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf7 \strokec7 \'a0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa0\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf9 \strokec9  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/lmhoxford"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \cb5 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 @lmhoxford}}\cf10 \cb5 \strokec10  \cf7 \cb1 \strokec7 \'a0\cf10 \strokec10  \cf7 \cb5 \strokec7 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/lmhoxford/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 /lmhoxford}}\cf10 \strokec10 \'a0 \cf8 \cb1 \strokec8  \cf10 \cb5 \strokec10 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.instagram.com/lmhoxford/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 lmhoxford}}
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa0\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12667 \cf7 \strokec7 Registered Charity No. 1142759
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs24 \cf7 \strokec7 \'a0
\f2\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\'a0\
}